README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/darkoandreev/d-ng-rating.svg?token=dyC7xCjKChVxFuxWSFtn&branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/darkoandreev/d-ng-rating)

# AngularRating

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 8.3.20.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

feat(d-ng-rating) Full documentation updated

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/darkoandreev/d-ng-rating.svg?token=dyC7xCjKChVxFuxWSFtn&branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/darkoandreev/d-ng-rating)

# Rating - Angular powered rating library

## Demo

Please check rating component in action at http://darkoandreev.github.io/d-ng-rating

## Installation

You need to have an Angular project with the supported Angular version. We strongly recommend using Angular CLI for this.

You also need to add FontAwesome angular package to your application. The package can be foung [HERE](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@fortawesome/angular-fontawesome)

After installing the above dependencies, install **d-ng-rating** via:

```html
npm install --save @d-ng-rating/d-ng-rating
```

Once installed you need to import our main module:

```html
import { NgRatingModule } from '@d-ng-rating/d-ng-rating'; @NgModule({ ... imports: [NgRatingModule, ...], ... }) export
class YourAppModule { }
```

See more details in the [official documentation](https://github.com/darkoandreev/d-ng-rating/blob/master/projects/d-ng-rating/README.md)

## Supported browsers

We support the same browsers and versions supported by Angular, whichever is more restrictive. See Angular browser support for more details, but on the high-level it should be something like:

Chrome (45+)
Firefox (40+)
IE (10+)
Edge (20+)
Safari (7+)
